Update dotnet version to 7.0 (#52)
algolia/api-clients-playground: dotnet/README.md

## .NET environment setup

You can skip this part if you already have the .NET Core 7.x framework installed.

> ### .NET Core SDK 7.x

Reviewer: It's not named "Core" after v3.1: they simplified and jumped to .NET 5: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/introduction#net-history

Download and install the .NET from [.NET Downloads](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download). 

> If you have problems with the installation on MacOS, consult the [Known issues](https://github.com/dotnet/core/tree/main/release-notes/7.0) topic for the version you have installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have problems with the installation on MacOS, consult the [Known issues](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/release-notes/7.0/known-issues.md) topic for the version you have installed.
```
